Darby County got back to winning ways at
the weekend against Watford but for them
this evening it's the long trip to the
southwest of England to face an inform
reading side who've lost just two of
nine in all competitions but the Royals
did suffer epic of heartbreak at the
hands of Aston Villa at the weekend his
care bit looking to use his peers to get
round Buxton across it the device a good
set of the topic just an early warning
sign shot by Redick in towards Razzie
ACK and shin lock and cab it instant
return long nice created space for the
short and sharing long puts reading
ahead just eight minutes on the clock
it's been a lightning start by the
Royals clearly determined not to let the
weekend defeat against Aston Villa prey
on their minds and it's been the perfect
start from there
clearly Darby by a goal to nil by water
is just Limpy in the Darr big already
surely look to put the goalkeeper under
pressure see Goodson
Howard here's Rossi AK by water collects
and we will put the ball out of play
clearly struggling and it will be an
enforced substitution for Brian Clough
Steven by water will be replaced by
snail Dini in the Derby got
Kevin
strong challenge by Green breeze missed
out there's three railing shirts in the
middle there's Razzie ACK just behind
Cabot and it goes off the top green
chasing the long ball forward sling and
hairy and fast the poor clearance his
piece for the return that's only half
cleared his son Oh stamps at it
Darby a level reading slaughter react to
the loose ball and Yalcin it simply
guided the ball into the bottom corner
Razia or they've got two over here ready
here's long half cleared and then pushed
wide by Machiavelli pull back by Tom and
it's a missed opportunity from ready tap
looking to drive through the midfield it
slipped under the boot of mcevil e and
Jimmy Kovac gets the Royals back in
front
ball fight AB squirmed under the boot of
Jim and the carefully and it was a
grateful gift accepted by Jimmy Cabot
and he puts ready to one in front always
support back past by green his tab
brought down by teeny penalty but
Watford Enoch referee going to his back
pocket and it's a red card
Derby County a down to ten remember
Steven by water has already gone up
injured they'll have to put an out for
playing golf for the remaining 50
minutes and it look as though it will be
Robbie Savage who takes responsibility
and his first task will be to face a
penalty chinlock over the top well
Savage must admit himself big he puts
you in long off
well didn't quite reach hulls ready come
forward again here's long
oh he's trim between two which savage
comes out to deny good core keeping fire
Robbie Savage he's enjoying his
experience will they just put it on the
head of the goalkeeper
oh great stop by Savage super
goalkeeping father Darby capped it and
standing keeper he's got a big smile on
his face the Welshman excellent effort
by Sigurdsson lot more pressure from
Rennick on as a deep one-armed away by
Robbie Savage and he's unbeatable at the
minute see Goods drinking left then
right
only half cleared three one finally
savages beated Ryan Bertrand the goal
scorer you can't see it's been coming
we've certainly made the most of the ten
net and finally refresh it has received
its rewards
I would buy Federici okay there's our
we're here he's got support in the
middle this could it and should before
and it is eventually forced on by Simon
Church savage once again done his best
he came out and made himself big but
reading got the look of the bounce when
it's been an experience which Robbie
Savage will never forget
Darby were brave but reading leave with
the points it's finished reading for
Darby counting want